Update CONTRIBUTING.md (Infra) (#922)
canonical/checkbox: CONTRIBUTING.md

On approving a change without any change requests the reviewer will merge the pull request. If they choose not to perform the merge, they must leave a comment explaining the rationale (mostly this exception is to cover situations when significant changes need to be staged across multiple releases).

The reviewer is encouraged to use suggestions to communicate exact intended solutions, and to make it easy to apply them. The reviewer _must_ do this when making trivial style related suggestions. The reviewer might also post code into the PR, or to a branch branched off from the feature branch, to communicate more complex suggestions. 

> Whenver a Checkbox maintainer provides a review for a PR they are accepting responsibility to follow the PR to conclusion.

Reviewer: Typo, punctuation, and grammar simplification.
```suggestion
Whenever a Checkbox maintainer provides a review for a PR, they accept responsibility to follow the PR through to its conclusion.
```
